I'd like this lib to support control actions for steering, flying, activating
	stuff, and even buffery text input for keys / mouse / pads / whatever.

Supporting modifiers is great, like a mouse5 + shift binding for instance.

Hold / axis style bindings, action on press, and action on release binding
	modes.  Action on press activates one time, and doesn't activate again
	until the button/key/whatever is released and re-pressed.

Should support multiple binds per function.  Like if a user wants w and uparrow
for forward for instance.

Device specific stuff:

Keyboard
	Get which keys are down and how long they have been down since the last time
	input data was gathered.  Could also store overall time held.

	Overall time held is useful for accelerating key turning or buildup or
	chargup style abilities etc.

	Test in low framerate sitatuions to make sure quick taps aren't lost.  Might
	need a thread.  Thread might be better for high framerate situations too,
	as fixed timestep can just get stuck using the same stale info.

	Maybe add a mode to InputTest that simulates slow framerates by sleeping in
	the main loop?  This may not even be an issue since WM_INPUT might not drop
	data the way checking state does.

	Maybe a focused text input mode that uses WM_CHAR?  This would enable key
	repeat and even pick up queued letters in low framerate situations.

	Avoid sticky keys like how sometimes alt can get stuck on when the user
	tabs out.

	I noticed some stuff in the docs about a special message or flag for having
	too many keys held.  That will need testing.

Mouse
	Need a low cost toggle between a cursor mode that uses standard windows
	settings for the user's preferred mouse movement speed and accel and such
	if they are crazy enough to have that on, and a delta based mode that gives
	the amount moved since last checked.

	Maybe optionally scale speed if a fullscreen mode is on with less res than
	the standard desktop res?

	Buttons should mix with keys and sticks and modifiers and not be missed in
	low framerate situations.

	I think rawinput handles the above well.

	Right now mouse moves are accumulated between update calls.  Would be cool
	to have a way to store each small movement for shooters and such.  Could
	improve the feel if a game wanted to process all that extra.  If you plot
	as a curve over time it might make a difference.

Sticks etc
	I'll likely do this one last.  I am not sure if XInput covers all devices
	well, or if DirectInput is needed.

	I have steam controller and oculus rift controllers to test with.  And an
	old analog flight stick.